README.md, before:

# Browser-Wallet
BitGreen Browser extension with wallet functionalities.

Features:
- New Account creation with 24 secret words (also defined secret seed).  
- Stores the secret words in an encrypted structure in the permanent storage of the browser.  
- 1 layer encryption by AES256-OFB with a first key of 256 bit.
- 1 layer encryption by AES256-CRT with a different key of 256 bit.
- 1 layer encryption by AES256-OFB with a different key of 256 bit.
- Total key lenght is 768 bit derived from the password by thousands of nested hashes of Sha512, Blake2  and Kekkak.  
- Derives the encryption password by random init vector and 900,000 recurring hashing with sha2,kekkak and blake2 algorithms.  
- Shows current balance from the blockchain.  
- Transfers Funds by signing the transaction.
- Shows account address to receive funds.
- Stakes/Unstakes funds
- Authentication by signing (new)

## BrowserWallet.js
A library to facilitate the usage of the extension has been created. Currently it supports the following functions callable from a web page.  
From a web page you can request to :  
- Transfer Funds.
- Sign an authentication (and get a security token).

For example:
```html
<!-- include the library before using it -->
<script type="text/javascript" src="BrowserWallet.js"></script>
```
```js
// create the class object
let BW= new BrowserWallet();
// send 1 BBB to a recipient 5HVfcSujPyT2hisdLDQhHXzCDx2e37UBM3h9fW65qkHx4FbN
BW.send("5HVfcSujPyT2hisdLDQhHXzCDx2e37UBM3h9fW65qkHx4FbN",1);
 // authenticate signing a random message and calling back a function once the authentication token is available in the sessionvariable "BrowserWalletToken"
BW.authenticate(callbackauthentication);
```

For a working page, please check [examples_webpage.html](examples_webpage.html)

Commit message:

added documentation for the authentication server

README.md, after:

# Browser-Wallet
BitGreen Browser extension with wallet functionalities.

Features:
- New Account creation with 24 secret words (also defined secret seed).  
- Stores the secret words in an encrypted structure in the permanent storage of the browser.  
- 1 layer encryption by AES256-OFB with a first key of 256 bit.
- 1 layer encryption by AES256-CRT with a different key of 256 bit.
- 1 layer encryption by AES256-OFB with a different key of 256 bit.
- Total key lenght is 768 bit derived from the password by thousands of nested hashes of Sha512, Blake2  and Kekkak.  
- Derives the encryption password by random init vector and 900,000 recurring hashing with sha2,kekkak and blake2 algorithms.  
- Shows current balance from the blockchain.  
- Transfers Funds by signing the transaction.
- Shows account address to receive funds.
- Stakes/Unstakes funds
- Authentication by signing (new)

## BrowserWallet.js
A library to facilitate the usage of the extension has been created. Currently it supports the following functions callable from a web page.  
From a web page you can request to :  
- Transfer Funds.
- Sign an authentication (and get a security token).

For example:
```html
<!-- include the library before using it -->
<script type="text/javascript" src="BrowserWallet.js"></script>
```
```js
// create the class object
let BW= new BrowserWallet();
// send 1 BBB to a recipient 5HVfcSujPyT2hisdLDQhHXzCDx2e37UBM3h9fW65qkHx4FbN
BW.send("5HVfcSujPyT2hisdLDQhHXzCDx2e37UBM3h9fW65qkHx4FbN",1);
 // authenticate signing a random message and calling back 
 // a function once the authentication token is available 
 // in the sessionvariable "BrowserWalletToken"
BW.authenticate(callbackauthentication);
```

For a working page, please check [examples_webpage.html](examples_webpage.html)

## Authentication Server

The server side should authenticate the token verifiyng the address against the signature/message.  
There is a an authentication server based on nodejs/express to show how to verify the signature:
[Authentication Server](authentication-server/)  

The server requires Nodejs > 16.x and npm utility installed.  

to install the dependencies launch:  
```bash
npm install
```
from the same folder where the file BrowserWallet-Authentication-Server.js is located.
to run the server:
```bash
nodejs BrowserWallet-Authentication-Server.js
```

The server will answer on port 3001 and does expect a variable "BrowserWalletToken" with POST method.  
You can test the serve with CURL for example with the server running in your local machine:
```bash
curl -X POST -H "application/x-www-form-urlencoded" -d BrowserWalletToken='{"message":"1651209684994","signature":"0xfaca8deff055379324d6d172eefb48c9f53a78b6d1612c2e7e43effd3967b4344ffc486a9dc9afa08a1a15f5f46cb2d2317a31aab3ada5be866bb49599d7458d","address":"5EEdVDNbCB6jYKSzxH1puaGrhd2WWk1Xs3uoxrPAqJfkrnVs","publickey":"0x600a35e55307f1afc1379bb9e32bd10f5278554e97c7dfd4d6f43559f0fdd906"}' http://localhost:3001  
```
The message content is the timestamp of the token generation. The server side should consider expired the token after some time from its generation.
